Oh, shit. Chicago makes the fucking noise!
Yeah, this session of Harlington is about to begin. First, let me bring out the wonderful Spencer Crittenden. You can be louder than that.
Yeah! Tonight in the room of Jeff Davis, who we love so much, my name is Brandon Johnson and I will be your controller.
And with no further ado, let me bring out the mayor of Harlington, Dan Harmon!
Brandon Johnson! Thank you, Chicago! God bless you! God bless this fucking wonderful industrial Midwestern deprived, depressed city!
God bless the alcohol coursing through your arteries for generations that you can't even control. You Midwestern visit golfs.
You are my people. I grew up 90 minutes from you. I'm afraid to go back to my hometown so this is as close as we'll ever get.
I don't know how they'd react to me if I went back to Milwaukee. I'm still scared. When I left, they said, you'll be back. That's not a good goodbye.
That's not something you say to people you love. I don't care how proud you are of your hometown. You don't say you'll be back when someone says goodbye.
They didn't say that to Frodo. They said, I hope you save the world from Sauron.
Why are you looking at me when you say that? That's fucked up. The man who grew up in California but looks more at home here than anyone.
Oh yeah. I was walking around and I was like, I'm the most comfortable person in the city right now.
Still rocking the cargo shorts today. The weather was fine today for a nice stroll. It gets fucking cold in this area of the country.
There is an oppressive spiritual thing that no one talks about. The idea that when you look up at the sky, you don't see God.
The way that you do in an equatorial climate, you see blue and yellow and you feel like God's up there and he's somehow in charge of what happens to you.
It might be a good thing. It might be a bad thing. You might be part of some agricultural community where they play lacrosse and the winner loses their head.
You do see guys named Jesus but they're usually pissing outside.
But when you're in the Midwest, it's like, I've said it a thousand times, you're descended from the genes of people who, like, they're descended from Plymouth Rock, either landed on them or they landed on it.
They didn't cross the border. The border crossed them.
In any case, they headed west, their wagon broke down, admit it, and then they were like, fuck it. But that's not a non-heroic thing to say because guess what?
Well, what's waiting for you at the Pacific Ocean? We just got out there, we. I'm a Milwaukeean.
I'm just saying, the people on the west coast, those are just the people that got that far and then they're like, we have no more dreams to chase, let's invent television.
The Midwest is the gene pool that was like, you know what? What if it was just cold? What if God tried to kill you?
What if nine months of the year, God was unapologetic about his desire for you to die?
What if everything you ate just tried to poison you? What if every time you stepped outside, what if the weatherman had to tell you how many seconds it took for human skin to freeze?
What if your car required not only a key to start, but a fucking chisel and a heated blanket and a schedule, a regimen.
If you remember working in Milwaukee, you'd have to go out, you'd have to schedule, you'd backtrack it. Like, oh, I gotta be at the ground round at eight, so that means at seven, I gotta put a blanket on my car, I gotta start the car.
I'm not made for this, I'm a ground round employee. And then the people that are coming in are gonna pay what they weigh.
Which in Milwaukee is a lot of fucking money.
So I'm gonna be rich, I guess, yeah. Anyway, I got Midwestern chops. I'm not some hoity-toity. You Google me.
Oh, what's Dan Harmon worth? There's that page that says five million. I don't know what the fuck they're coming from. I don't know what that means.
I'm not worth five million dollars. I have a five bedroom house. Those bedrooms are not...
We lost Brandon, we lost Brandon. Those bedrooms are not worth a million dollars each.
I've eaten out of comfortable existence. I'm terrified right now. I feel like we're fighting a fascist empire.
Whatever, your politics are fine here. It's fine, Chicago. I don't care. I saw the map. I saw how red you were. It's okay.
You're booing, you're saying, you're saying blue. Okay, then you're fine here too. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.
There's a couple people in here that voted for Trump. They're doing a good job. They're being polite.
Chicago was like the only city that like went in and wrecked up the place when Trump was around, you know?
What does he mean? What are you talking about? What do you mean?
They came, like, he went and stumping around all these places, but in Chicago they shut it down. He wouldn't come outside.
Oh, he wouldn't come out here. All right. Resist. Fine. As long as I know I'm safe, I'll say whatever.
Let's burn it down. I just needed to know I was safe. I'm part of the spineless demographic.
I just don't want people to beat me up. That's all. The reason why I'm part of the resistance now is that it has nothing to do.
The reason I became politically activated to the extent, meaning that I tweet mean things now, it's because I'm lazy.
Because all of a sudden it didn't, now it's going to matter. I worked really hard to get my house.
I don't want to have to stand in front of it and like swing a bat and go like, get away. It won't work.
I don't know what I'm made of. So I bought a gun and I just like, I'm just sweating it out. I'm just sweating it out in my house.
Anyways, it doesn't matter. It's not about me. It's about me. It's about me. But you expect a show.
You want a show. You came to a Chicago.
Dan, I don't think I want a show. I can't hear them. Do they want a show? I can't hear it.
Okay. You guys think just because we came to Chicago, we're going to like improvise?
Is that the idea? Because you're famous for improv?
Please welcome improv maestro Jimmy Corraine and star of stage and screen, Scott Anson.
All right. Take it easy. All right. Noted.
All right.
I'm better than season three.
Yeah. Dan.
By the way, yeah, Rick and Morty started airing tonight. Part of an elaborate, strange, misguided April Fool's prank.
I don't really understand it. I can finally tell you, Rick and Morty season three's premiere is airing on a loop. When you go home, you can watch it.
You're not missing anything. It's a prank, get it? I don't get it, but I couldn't tell you and you fucking 15 year olds kept riding me.
I'd be like, Trump's an idiot. He's a fascist. We're going to lose our civil liberties.
Yeah. Well, you're going to lose season three of Rick and Morty.
I'm not doing any. I'm finished. They're drawing it.
Prove it.
Exactly, sir.
I mean, like anyone was going to hear that. I mean, you could have said anything.
You snail sew the ricks out. You sound like a Star Wars character.
I liked him yelling out. I think that was helpful. But I didn't hear what you said. Would you come down here and say it into my mic?
Well, people will take that invitation.
He'll be down here in 20 minutes.
We'll vamp until you get here.
You guys are improvisational professionals. See, people are cheering because now nine dudes are pretending to be him and there's going to be a line of people coming up.
I was that guy. Sneak snog up ricks out.
I was that guy. Game fan for Sample.
You guys all have an improv background. Brandon Johnson, you did improv.
I did improv. I did not do improv as well as these two fucking gods we have on stage in front of you.
Wrong.
Thank you.
Wrong though, wrong.
Did you work with Brandon?
We improvised a few times. I can set some stuff. We weren't of the same generation.
And that was your understudy. So you never missed a day of work.
But a lot of people might be coming because there's 900 people here. There's 900 people here.
They may only be here because they know that I'm amazing.
Some of them, even though they're from Chicago, may not know what improv really is.
They may think it's just, well, oh, that's when you don't have a script.
Let's just, on a molecular level, we'll just show them for what improv is on a fundamental level.
Okay.
So I will, let's tell a story in four lines of dialogue.
I will enter with a line. Then we have two more lines to do.
And then, Brandon, you come in with the fourth line.
Oh, great. Great.
No pressure. No pressure at all.
Who we are and what we're doing and where we are now.
And we'll get as much information as we can because that's part of improv.
It's like being positive and providing information, piping and things. Yes.
So four lines. Here's how improv works.
I would like to return this fur coat because it's too big.
But I'm a ghost. I can't run the cash register.
I am the manager and I can help you, sir.
He said he wanted a 15 dog coat, so I made him a 15 dog coat.
All right. Thank you.
So that's the atomic structure of improv.
Yeah, I don't think we have to explain it. I think it's pretty self-explanatory.
When its merits are.
In that, I was the Steve Harvey character.
Because we know what we're doing.
And then people go, oh, so improv, they compare it to written comedy.
So there's a laptop back here. This is going to be tough.
It's going to run the risk of making a bad show.
Okay. All right. Yeah. So if we were to write that scene.
Interior coat shop.
For a second, I thought that was the guy from upstairs and I was like, get the fuck out of here.
I'll kick you in your face. You look like Steve Bannon.
Oh, yeasty and shit. That dude has a yeast. He's got some yeast shit on his face.
That's the good thing about not liking that dude is we can talk shit on him and nobody's going to be like, don't be like that about Steve Bannon.
Fucking brought Steve Bannon to the party, you guys. Be nice tonight.
He's got on a diaper.
Oh, shit. He wants to save the, ah, damn it, eSports.
Fucking bullshit. Some YouTube show we're doing.
Timbuck says the first thing that came up was the porn from last night on that laptop.
Ghost coat. We'll call it.
There's a lot of mannequin porn on his computer.
How to make a ghost costume.
And then the manager. What did you say, Jimmy? You said...
I was the manager. I can help you.
I'm the manager. I can help you.
And if you could do that in...
And then Brandon disembodied.
I played a young Nigerian trying to find his way through the furry industry.
His mentor was Steve Harvey.
$15. Okay, so we have a flawed story here that we created improvisationally.
Like, where did it break down? I thought my line was awesome.
Like, and then you introducing the fact that you're a ghost brought us across a threshold.
Right. I was introducing a mythology that we could explore.
I think, and then it starts to break down ironically with our improv masters.
Jimmy Corraine, who teaches improv.
I'm a manager. I can help you.
But ironically, you couldn't.
As an improv manager, you couldn't help anyone.
Although he could have made his line longer.
You just said line.
So let's try it again. Let's do a rewrite.
That's not how improv works, Mayor Harmon.
But I'm not going to change what I did because I nailed it.
And I don't think Scott did very bad either.
Now, I feel a lot of pressure.
Can I just say before we do this, I'm feeling a lot of pressure.
I'm in my head right now.
I'm going to alter my line just a little bit. It may help you.
Okay. All right. You're going to set me up. Thank you, Scott.
And also, if you were more relaxed before, that may have been the problem.
Okay.
Cha-ding-ding!
I'd like to return this coat. It doesn't fit me very well.
I'm a ghost, remember?
I'm a ghost, too. I'm the manager ghost.
I think I'm catching on. What do you think?
You're still in character? I can't respond if you are.
No. We'll talk later.
Why is that lady wearing a fur coat on the beach?
Whoa! Okay.
I mean, that was interesting because that changed everything.
I just thought I'd try something different for this improv.
So, the actors thought they knew where they were,
but then the dialogue shows that we were actually on a beach with a door.
Now, the interesting thing is the characters knew that. The actors didn't.
That's right. Like all good improv alcoholism together, all rooted in denial.
You say plain, I say boat.
So, if we were to continue with that scene, like,
so he's now revealed that we're on a beach with a door and that we have two ghosts,
but I'm returning a coat that doesn't fit.
And you're a lady.
You promised me when I rubbed that seashell
that if I wore your coat, you'd give me lightning power.
The lightning power has always been in you.
The coat was just a catalyst to your realization.
Use your power now.
I'm still the manager ghost.
And with your power, you can kill me.
Wait a minute, Andy. When you get out of prison,
you can help me work on the boat. Shawshank.
All right. Well, okay.
All right. So there's a...
I like that one.
So what we're learning about improv is that it's different from writing.
Like, if you held it to the same standards, it wouldn't hold up.
Like, a lot of people watch, like, whose line is it anyway?
And they go, like, well, why don't you just write that stuff?
And then, but then you go, like, no, they're making it up.
You go to, like, an improv show in Chicago,
like a long-form improv show by really talented, like, long-form improv people.
And you could witness something that could never be written.
It could never be written. Jimmy, what is that phenomenon?
What is that magic?
Well, I think it's because each show is always different every night.
Sometimes they're going to fail and sometimes they're going to succeed.
It's really like a sporting event.
That's what makes it so fun to watch.
What do you think, Scott?
I hate sports metaphors.
Okay.
Especially in relation to art.
But I'll say that the difference, I think, is that when somebody's written
and people know it's written, then they have a higher expectation
for it being crafted and satisfying.
And an improv survival is a win.
And the people in the audience know that,
and they know that everyone's on a tightrope,
and if they land gracefully, then that's a success.
And the highest compliment you can get in an improv show
is people will come and say, are you sure that wasn't scripted?
That's, like, the highest compliment you can get.
But that would mean that you did so good at improv
that it was just slightly less, like, good than something that was written.
Right?
Well, there are terrible situations.
There should be something.
People should be coming up to you and saying,
I know for sure that wasn't written,
but it was better than anything that could have been written.
We both heard that.
Yeah.
Right.
Who are these people you get into a fight with, Dan?
But we're just saying, like, the audience, they're dumb.
They don't have the vocabulary.
They're just like, oh, that seemed like written it.
And I was like, OK, yeah, give me your 10 bucks.
OK.
You're very cynical about improv.
No, I'm cynical about America.
OK.
I'm sorry.
I confused it.
Spencer, where does it, so when you're a dungeon master,
where does this come in?
Because you're improvising as a narrator,
and then people are looking at a sheet of paper,
and they're saying, well, then because of this sheet of paper,
which isn't a script, but it is a bunch of facts, I do this.
And then, like, what?
Talk.
Say some stuff.
Oh.
It is like writing and improv.
So what if...
I just...
So you couldn't write that?
It's so easy.
It's so easy with these guys.
So what if I were to say, OK, Jimmy Corraine,
improv extraordinaire, would be your dice,
because you don't have any, and we don't have a campaign.
So then, could you dungeon master an improvised campaign
for me and Scott and Brandon to be in a little campaign,
and then Jimmy is like the dice.
Could Jimmy improvise results?
So many clues.
Yeah.
Can you improvise results?
Does that sound fun to you?
I...
Whatever.
Whatever anyone wants, yes.
It's kind of like if Jimmy was human dice,
like if you just, like, any time we wanted to do something,
Spencer would look at you, and then you would represent a random result,
and then Spencer would read it,
and then explain to us what we had accomplished.
Now, to connect the dots, backstage, me and Dan were thinking that
a true improv master would be able to improvise perfectly
the random results as if from a die.
That's part of this conceit.
Almost like a magician.
Right.
Do you mean that the...
Yeah, what do you...
No, I've just...
You said that!
Do you mean like...
Do you mean like Jimmy would say three and eight,
or do you mean like Jimmy would be like,
you hit and you get a critical hit?
Let's ask the person who said that.
What you...
I didn't suggest...
That's me?
Yeah, I didn't say, hey, Jimmy would be great at pretending to be dice,
but, like, I don't...
I believe you when you say it, but I don't know your thinking.
Yeah, but I'm drunk.
Why are you listening to me about anything?
I think you were...
I was sitting down and you looked taller.
All right, well, fine.
So I'll control everything.
Well, you can do... you control what you want me to control.
Okay.
Right.
That's what I'm going to do.
All right.
Spencer, you're in charge of...
Of...
Of what...
What happens...
Okay.
Over what we're seeing and what's in the room.
And then whenever anyone wants to do anything,
instead of rolling dice,
Jimmy, who's not part of the narrative,
you're like a non-diagetic element.
That is not a word.
Uh, you...
Non-diagetic.
You produce results.
You're sort of like a god or a...
I mean, it wouldn't be fun for him to say random numbers.
Jimmy, you have to do more than that.
You have to represent kind of like...
Dice?
You have to... you have to indicate fate in a way that Spencer can read.
So you stand over there.
Can you give me an example?
Yes.
Give me an example.
Okay.
All right.
Well, you be me.
You be me.
I'm you.
An example and I'll be you what I want you to do.
I'm Dan.
Do you know how to play Dungeons & Dragons?
I don't know how to play Dungeons & Dragons.
You tell him what he's looking at.
Okay.
Jimmy, you're in a wonderful field,
surrounded by trees.
Maybe it's a forest, even.
What do you do?
So tell him what you want to do.
I'd like to climb up one of the trees.
Oh, shit.
That's him rolling?
Are you rolling?
It's a very sexy tree.
I don't...
You have to interpret it.
Because...
Wait, what?
Like, I'm a human die.
Okay.
Like, I'm not going to just say...
I'm just saying like, this could mean to you...
It's like a tarot card.
It could mean like...
Man.
It's like, oh, that seems like a normal,
average thing.
He's acquiescent.
So if he says he wants to climb a tree,
and I'm going like this,
I guess he climbs the tree, maybe.
Well, I thought...
Or if I'm like...
Then it's like he fell...
Oh, a twig poked him in the eye,
and he fell out of the tree.
Because I'm being, like, aggressive.
Now, Dan, were you the tree?
No.
I'm like...
Yeah, what are you?
I'm a human die.
Well, a human die would tumble around and reveal a face
with a number of sides, like a number on it.
That's...
Yeah.
That's if a human was a die.
Right.
Yeah, a human die.
If a human played the role of a die.
Uh-huh.
A human wouldn't have to say three or eight.
A human could use all their human faces and behaviors
to indicate the vibe.
So like, if a person was just like...
You know, like, if you were just like...
You know, like, you...
It's clearly a two.
To you, that might mean an extreme result.
Well...
Yeah.
Isn't a result of a dice a number?
Oh, okay.
I got it.
No, if it's a human die...
You gotta say the number, the dice...
Okay, so you gotta say how many sides are on the die.
So, like, if you say this is a 20-sided die,
then it's like, oh, is that a 17 out of 20?
Or is that, like, you know...
It's gotta be like that.
No, why wouldn't they just say seven?
They would just say a number, then.
Because it's like, what are you trying to roll?
Are you trying to roll a very high roll of a six-sided die?
I'm getting the iron rolling.
Are you trying to get a...
I'm saying that the person's...
I think it's more like a drill.
Uh-huh.
Because he's rolling and becoming a symbol for something
rather than a number quantifying something,
and he wants you to interpret it as the next action
and how successful it is based on the emotion
you're getting from his action.
I told you...
I told you these are gods!
Okay, so Jimmy...
Okay, so I was climbing the tree.
Well, why don't you guys be the adventurers?
I'm obviously... I'll be the die.
Okay.
But it's like...
And don't be distracted by the fact that
I'm just gonna, like, feel the vibe.
Okay, no.
Like, another thing about a die is that it's like
this punctuated thing where it's like,
oh, now we roll it, now we get a number.
No, I'm over here, I'm not part of your narrative,
but Spencer's got one eye on me mentally,
and I'm just sort of, like, feeling things.
Okay.
And I'm just sort of like...
How do we quantify a roll, then?
It sounds like you're in a continuous rolling.
You're not quantifying.
So I look at you, I just take a snapshot
and go, this frame of Dan's existence...
Yeah, I would say that's accurate.
Well, then when do I decide when I should throw to you?
Like...
That's your own decision.
Well, that's...
It's like taking a cup and dipping it in a river.
Like...
Like, the river, it could be, you know,
so, like, when do you do it and how big's the cup?
And it's like, it's up to you.
It's like, that's what dice are supposed to...
I thought I would be the most on board for this.
I feel like you are crafting a new paradigm.
I'm already doing it.
Oh, I'm not.
He's crafted it.
No, no, but you're a big part of it.
I mean, I really think we're sitting on a gold mine.
I'm already doing it.
No, this is great.
We have to go on the adventure.
Right, we're on a journey.
And I would like to be Gwynethor, the Gollum Fairy Princess.
Okay, can I still be the manager, the ghost manager?
Okay.
Gwynethor?
Yeah, Gwynethor.
Gwynethor and ghost manager!
You find yourself in Bristle Bees,
the merry town of bristles and bees.
Around you, you see bristles and bees
winding their merry ways through the city of Bristle Bees.
I don't know what it's called anymore.
Bristled Bees.
At your feet, you can see the tiny dwellings of the bees
and the slightly larger dwellings of the bristles.
We must be careful where we stop.
Okay, we will walk very gently.
Ow! Ow! You got me!
You don't step on any more bees
than those ones that just earlier made noise.
You find yourself to what seems like the town hall of Bristle Bees.
No repercussions for killing townspeople.
Yes.
There is the tiny town hall there.
Let's go in.
Yes.
You open the door and out comes the mayor.
He's a little bee.
He's got a...
He looks like the Honey Nut Cheerios bee,
but like with a mustache.
Welcome to our town.
Go be the guy. You don't have to stand back there.
You want this, Mike?
Thanks so much.
Hello, little bee.
Welcome to our town.
I am Gwynethor, the Gollum Princess,
and this is my manager.
We have waited for your arrival.
We've heard so much about you.
Welcome to Bristle Bees.
You've killed about a thousand of our residents.
Sorry about that.
It's okay. We're just happy to see you.
We realized as soon as we came to town
that nothing random really happens here ever, does it?
Nope.
Monday looks like Friday.
Friday looks like Saturday.
You get it.
You smell the smell of sweet lemons.
It's weird because lemons smell sour usually.
And at the same time,
you feel everything expanding and growing,
including yourselves and the buildings around you.
Oh, my God, the scale remains.
It looks about the same
because everything grows at roughly the same size,
but you're clearly larger than you were.
So I'd be about this tall.
No, you grow more.
You grow more as a weird occurrence.
Great.
Yeah.
Allow me to show you around our beautiful town.
That would be great.
That's the library.
Oh.
That's the other library.
I'm not sure how I feel about it yet.
You feel conflicted.
Come.
Which library should I go to?
I'll go to the...
No!
I'll go to...
I'll go to this one.
No!
Well, that library is boring.
This library contains books
that will lead you into the arms of our...
mascot?
Oh, the Tai Chi mascot over there?
The Tai Chi master!
Or maybe...
I think he wants to be left alone.
Yes.
He bates to be misnamed.
He's been doing things all by himself
without anyone talking to him
or acknowledging his existence.
Let's see.
You guys are being literal and you're...
Maybe you'd like to meet the soul of our town.
No, no.
I think he's meant to be separate from us.
Yes.
He's not part of the narrative.
Okay, Spencer, I'll do...
I'll do...
You do my part.
I'll do your part.
Well, okay.
Let's trade.
Okay.
I'm not saying I'm going to do better.
I'm just saying, like, obviously,
I owe it to people to demonstrate what I mean.
It's like, like, you guys, don't worry about him.
You're just people.
You exist in your own narrative.
Don't worry about him.
That's fucked up.
I'll worry about him.
Sorry we let you down, Dan.
Spencer, where are they?
They're in a tree trunk?
Where are they?
Dan, we were really feeling sorry for you.
Yeah, we did.
Yeah, man.
We're trying to execute your fucking vision.
We were feeling bad for you, Dan.
No, don't feel sorry for me.
No, you were out there all alone
and looked kind of ridiculous and...
It didn't seem like you were generating anything
and inspiring any new directions.
Are you guys trying to...
We want to please you, Dan.
You're trying to construct
a meta-improved narrative.
No, that was...
No, that was your idea, Dan.
We were just trying to support it.
You give gifts with all these crazy body movements.
You showin' your body and everything.
And we wanted to accept those gifts and heighten.
And right now we're playing a game
where the scene has broken down
and we are playing our personas.
Yeah.
Well, what if my character decides
that because you're disappointing me,
I will go back in time?
Well, why don't we see what that would look like?
Cut to.
A great Chicago phrase.
Sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh…
...sh-sh-sh-sh-sh-sh…
All right.
You guys are adventuring
are adventuring in a big field.
You're a fighter and a wizard.
I'm a fighter, great.
Jimmy Carrain, you are Jimmy Carrainus, the great fighter.
Yes, I'm Jimmy Carrain, the great fighteress.
You have a plate armor and a hat and a sword.
Scott adds that you are at Sortarus,
the wizard of Suckedicula.
You love magic, but you don't mind Suckin' Nick.
You got a bag of tricks that includes Suckin' Nick and some spells.
And you guys are on a field in a field, a great field,
overlooking a town and you're on a quest to find a gold ring
that you heard might exist.
Pretty original.
But there's some goblins.
There's some goblins coming.
It's so easy.
There's goblins coming.
And I'm basing that on his movement, but he's not the goblins.
You understand?
Why would we waste all that good movement, though?
But I'm looking at his movement, but it's not...
God damn it, it's not that hard.
Don't acknowledge the dice.
Goblins are coming.
Just don't acknowledge the dice.
The goblins are shooting at you.
You got hit real bad, Jimmy.
You got hit in the arm with an arrow.
Oh, Zephyr wins.
Blow some cock.
You're waving your arms in a magical manner.
You try to cast a healing spell on Jimmy Crane's character.
And it's doing okay.
It's doing fine.
Wow, not nearly as good as the dick.
Don't use it for about three weeks.
It's feeling a little sore, but it's feeling a little better.
I don't have to suck your dick, do I, for that?
You don't have to, but I would really appreciate it.
More arrows are raining down in you.
But they're missing, generally, because the goblins are far away.
They're just taking potshots at you.
Maybe there's a way we can stop the goblins.
Okay, I've got a sword. I forgot.
Oh, the goblins aren't the move.
I was trying to slay the goblin.
Alright, I'm going to try a multiplying spell on your sword
and throw one sword that will land as a hundred.
Your multiplying spell fails.
Here it goes.
I'm sorry, I was distracted.
I was looking at your dick.
Your sword flies off into the grass.
The goblins are laughing at you.
That's not the goblins.
They're continuing to march towards you.
We've got to stop them somehow or get out of here.
Jimmy, you still...
No, you don't, okay.
You're wearing armor. Why don't you just go fight them for us?
That's a great idea.
If I don't come back, I love you.
No.
That's an incentive if I come back.
Jimmy proceeds across the great plains of Dixiculine.
Oh, the goblins are terrified of something.
They're summoning healing powers to buff themselves,
to give themselves higher armor.
As you get towards them, you see them starting to glow bright red,
indicating that it's going to be harder to hit them.
Use the strategy I used at Offaldor.
Alright.
Go for their penises.
The goblins attack. You attack.
Your attacks are not doing good.
Alright.
The goblins are now...
They return to attack.
They're doing real good.
They're real excited.
And their arrows are piercing you for...
I'm down.
I've been hit by an arrow.
I'm going to approach a goblin and try to get it to surrender through pleasure.
Okay.
The goblins are considering your offer.
Is it working?
I think it's working.
They seem into it.
The goblins are down.
Keep going. I see the ring.
I see the ring.
It's attached to what I'm using.
The goblins have an offer for you.
They say if you continue to pleasure them,
that they'll spare your lives.
One by one, the goblins' chodes go down your throat,
filling you with the goblin's seed.
No.
I'm pregnant.
They're different than us.
Oh my God.
I'm giving birth through my urethra.
All right. Hold it. Hold it.
It's coming.
I got it.
A goblin baby.
All right.
A goblin baby came out.
It's a boy. It's a baby boy.
All right.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
At least I know he's mine.
I'm willing to admit this isn't working,
if you guys are.
All right.
Okay.
That's all.
Okay. Spencer, you can have it.
And you're saying you couldn't write that.
Okay.
Now I get it.
Now I understand what he meant when he said,
Dan, I want to ask you what you learned from that.
It doesn't work.
You can't just come out on the stage and make up a show.
But I wanted to give you something.
I'm a midwesterner. You're a midwesterner.
You've been very kind to me over the years.
And I wanted to get you a little gift.
This is big in Chicago.
It's frango mince.
Frango mince.
Yeah.
Frango mince when you care to send frango mince.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I didn't know, you know,
usually people bring, you know, pizzas or what else?
Bone in pork sandwich.
Yeah.
Polish sausage.
But in Chicago, we, midwesterners,
we like to bring something to the host of the party.
All right.
Well, I appreciate the gesture.
Thank you.
Did that improv exhaust you, Dan?
No, no.
I'm just, I'm moving on.
Okay.
You know, it's like.
King of the segue.
So what, so what do we know about?
So, so as improvisers, like we, we, we, we, we make things up.
We go, okay.
So God is in the moment and everything that happened before
and everything that's about to happen.
That's the devil.
He's going to fuck you up.
God is in the moment.
You guys are following me, right?
Totally.
Just like the last exercise.
Right.
So in politics, like we have this right versus left paradigm.
So we can recognize Republicans, for instance,
as being very out of the moment.
They're worried about what happened yesterday
and what's about to happen.
Democrats, are they really in the moment
or are they just a mirror image of Republicans
improvisationally speaking?
They're not.
They're not really making it up as they go
because they're politicians.
So don't we just need a revolution where everybody
just like rips off their clothes and runs in the street
and goes like, well, make it up.
Make it up as you go.
But here's, and before you answer that.
Okay.
Are, aren't we doomed as a society?
Because like, don't, it hasn't the height of what we've been
able to adopt democracy and, and, and doesn't that by default
mean mob rule and aren't, isn't, aren't most people stupid?
And, and, and then like, so if you're smart and you're liberal,
then don't you have to either choose between consorting
with a bunch of morons who are like, yay, be liberal.
And you're like, yeah, but you're dumb.
And that's like kind of the, I see like there's a division
among the Democrats between like the, you know,
I don't want to put too fine a point on it,
but you get your Bernie, your Bernie people
and your, and your, and your traditional Democrats and stuff.
But there's like a real heavy division between folks
because they're like, yeah, we don't want fucking more corruption
and all this stuff and then it's like, like, yeah,
but if you don't, it's fucking, yeah,
don't even get excited sir.
I always, I just feel like this is like wedge.
It's like right now it's like so fun watching the bad guys
be in power and watching them kind of fumble over themselves.
But then you feel this dark cloud in the horizon where it's like,
we're supposed to, the next move is we're supposed
to all agree on something and do something together
and we can't get our shit together.
We're gonna start like arguing with each other really soon. We're already doing it. What was my point like?
How do we isn't there a way to like?
What are we gonna do why shouldn't I just kill myself nobody's stopping you
Only you are stopping you Dan if you did kill yourself, right? Well, how would you do it?
I
Mean I wouldn't be in front of a large crowd. Yeah
At like a comedy festival I do a major podcast and keep talking about how I hadn't gotten my gun yet
And then I'd announced that I had gotten my gun
And I'd pick a I'd pick an obscure town
Okay, give me an example hard work in town, but I'd maximize the number of people okay blue state red
Want to push like a thousand people okay somewhere around my hometown, okay, and then I just pull out a gun
Just blow my brains out on it. No, I I
Do feel I do feel like I'm a gun I like I'm a I blow my brains out. I think okay now
Because I feel like pills like if you took like a bottle of Tylenol you'd be like I
Feel like you'd be like ow my kidney
And then you'd be like I got my kidney hurts. I changed my mind. I changed my mind
I don't killing myself hurts and then you'd be like yeah, but your kidneys are shut down. I think you mean your liver
What I think you yes, we heard you liver sir
liver too many people talking over each other everyone knows kidneys don't filter out a damn thing
Okay, I just want to ask you this I want to play to the audience on this one really common here in Chicago's people will
Jump in front of the L to take their life really. Yeah, would you do something like no absolutely no no big too dramatic to macho
To fucking like I don't know just too you want to go out quietly with a gun I
Just I just don't think I just don't I
The thing about jumping in front of a train right to athletic
I'll tell you what always pisses me off about it is the people that do it do it during rush hour, right?
Yeah, and that really inconvenient just ruins everyone's day where it's not gonna affect that's the other thing is
I don't want to fuck other people's days up like I don't want to do that
I would if I was gonna blow my brains out by the way
I would also I would coat my bathroom in saran wrap
So so I would and I would like write the nicest note like for my housekeeper. I'd be like I
Am so sorry like don't go upstairs call 9-1-1
There's a mess up there, but
You can just undo the masking tape and just seal it all up put me in the blue bin and just be done with it
Like and here's a box of toys for your kid
You don't want anyone inconvenienced or distracted by it. No, I would not want to include your family. Of course
Yeah, okay
We'll see I think the absence of you and the fact that you feel such a failure that they would feel that maybe they failed you and they
Would I wish I could bring any of my family out right now and prove you so wrong?
No, I don't think any of them would be they wouldn't care. They wouldn't care. No, they'd be like, oh, I get it
You beat us to it Dan. Yeah, they'd be like I saw that coming I get it
We're so proud of him. He was our little guy what they say like they we thought he did it
He should have done it sooner. No, they'd be like I figured that was gonna happen
Okay, you know and they'd be like well, I you know I'm next but it's gonna be with like I'm gonna get
Diabetes or something. Did your parents lay suicide out as an option? No, no, it's just like I'm the writer
I'm the writer in the family. They'd be like
They'd be like well, he's the writer. He'd be 44 years. That's good. Good for him
I got one more question. Dan. Who do you want to find you?
And that could be someone in this audience tonight
Y'all motherfuckers are cold-blooded. I would want it to be like a technician or something
Okay, so when you don't know you don't owe anything to I don't want anybody
So we find you and then what what do we learn about you from your suicide what you mean
What would I put in the note once I'm finally gone? Yeah, let's start with the note. Yeah
Okay, well, I'm gonna just write my note right now. Okay, great
We'll help yeah, we'll help you Dan
It's hard. It's hard. I know it's hard
Dear world, okay
Uh, so sorry they will play this when you're dead by the way, go ahead
Uh, you don't want to put them in his head wise writing. Yeah, I guess you saw what I saw things are getting hard like
Don't take this as uh
as encouragement
To do what I did
I had a good life
Uh, like I didn't have to fight in any wars. I never had to be hungry
Like I wasn't a black woman
But yeah, can I just stop right now? I'm getting the sense
Some of the best lives on the planet
I just remind you Beyonce is kicking it right about now. Well, I wasn't Beyonce is obvious
I think that's the unspoken part of this. What you don't know is that a lot of black women can do the same shit as Beyonce
We just ain't showing off
You want to come back as a black woman?
I don't want to be a black woman. Even in my suicide note. I'm I'm persecuted. Well, no, but
If I read that
I can't get a break. No, no, no, no. No, no, I want to help you. I mean, it's funny how
You know, the improvisers are helping the writer, but uh as as I was going through the note
I'm like that guy would never commit suicide. It sounds like you're trying to talk yourself out of it. Yes
I was never in a war. I had a good life. Right. Yeah, right. No, you're right
And I have no plans to kill myself by the way
You sure?
I mean you brought it all
This is what friends do we help out
So how does the note go from there? You say a bunch of positive things about your wife. Yeah, yeah, yeah
It's got a turn. I say I say everybody you're off the hook, please
I'm so sorry for the mess like I wish that I could have just jumped into a vaporizer or a sarlacc pit
I'm so sorry like if you're for those of you who found it and all this stuff. I'm so sorry and then I'd say
you know, I think our species is plagued with a
notion that we are not good enough and I think it provokes us to do things that hurt ourselves in each other
And I think that once you get to the spot that I'm in go ahead
I think you got to personalize you can't speak of the whole world. You know, I already said my personal shit
I thought you said you have a great life, but the world sucks. So I'm going to kill myself
Everybody else is acting like human beings. Well, yeah, I'm not going to wait for my life to I yeah
If I wait for my life to suck. I'll never kill myself
So you want to go out on a high like the carol brunette show. Yeah, like I well, I mean like
It's it's it's no big trick to have a comfortable life
It is for some. Yeah, that's why I want to kill myself
So you feel responsibility for the people who are not as successful as you. Yeah, it's hard
Like they're not as lucky, but it's not reading in your note right now
I'm not getting that. Are you Scott? Well, I'm just curious you have regret for being successful. Yeah. Yes. Yes
Okay, you can stop that right now
Wait, but well instead of the suicide I just give all my money away and then wander around the street
Oh, yeah, you can you can stop being successful anytime you want
But you want to work hard and be successful and get praised and have a thousand people cheer you. No, I don't
That sounded like about 500 people that was really about 200. Well, yeah
A percentage of a thousand people cheer you in their defense 500 of them want to kill themselves so
Look at you clap. Yes
All right. Well, let me start my note over. Okay kids
It's not gonna get any better
The writing's on the wall
From where I was sitting
The next thing that happens is your knees starts to ache and then it just it gets it gets harder and harder
I'm leaving
soon
Now after I finish the letter
Unless there's another draft
I uh
I I can't it's hard. It's hard to be on twitter
Uh
What?
You guys you guys you guys another twitter related death. Yeah
You guys seem unhappy
Uh, there's not enough
Gravy but see don't you see
I'm gonna I'm gonna interrupt your note for a second. Right
You guys are unhappy. So I'm gonna kill myself. Right. Okay. I understand the empathy you have
I'm leaving all my money in a box. You remember start us memories
Right. No, we'll kind of yeah, okay
So he's suicidal and he says why don't I just kill myself and he says that the alien
All-knowing person says to woody
Uh
You're you know, you're not superman. You're a comedian. You want to save the world tell funny your jokes, right?
You delight people, right? But you think people are unhappy and your job your delight is to delight them
So you're making the world better
The world you're complaining about
You're fixing and so then you take yourself out of it
Yeah, but what about all the people that say don't you should go back to work writing cartoons instead of talking about how
Dumb the president is and then you're like, well, I don't want to write. What am I supposed to write a cartoon about 13 years old?
Not physically
But wait, how did we get it? I never said when did I you said the world is unhappy so I'm gonna kill myself
I guess I maybe technically said that
You have an existential crisis. Yeah, but you're intelligent enough to think past an existential crisis
I guess it's that's what it is is that we are at a point in
Politically like we've gotten to a point like
Like it was easy in the bush years and the all the shit with the dangling chads and all that crap
It was very easy to just be like a Han Solo and be like, I don't have no love for the empire
But I love this fucking smuggle
um
It as of the election it was like, are you fucking kidding me?
You're either in favor of the mass enslavement of all humanity and absolute fucking apocalypse
Or you're part of some rebellion that has to spend its life like flying and x-wings and doing like horrible
runs and stuff and it's like
Woe be to the to the rich white lazy piece of shit, you know, like you're just like, well, where am I supposed to fit in?
I don't want to earn my bread and butter. I don't I don't want to find out what I'm made of. It's just a
Drag I'd rather be a martyr and just be dead
Like that's what it is. Like I don't want to you know, I don't have it if you take your own life
You have to someone take your life. I could make it look like an accident
All right, how would that look?
How would you do it? I could I could I could have some friends over and I could have like a roller skate party
And I could rent a five-story
Three tower, okay, and I have a roller skate party. You're gonna just get really drunk and come on. All right. We're no
We were getting somewhere. I liked what we were doing, but
You know, I'm not you're right. What you're saying is that I'm a fat white straight. I never said fat or straight
I'm pretty sure that was me
You're saying that my responsibility
It's it's like moving forward. You have to live in the fucking apocalypse. You can't dramaticize it so much
That you can avoid living in it. You actually have to be a character in it. You have to let go
Okay, so this is the way the world is. It's not normal. It's not good, but I'm in it. You can't be
There's there's it's no country for old narcissists
And it's it's what women and black people do every fucking day
I don't believe there's that many women and black people out there
Some of you are trying to get on a gravy train. What was the point you were trying to make to dan?
When
When you were saying to him about okay, you're you know, you you do comedy you make people's lives better
Yeah, well, he was he was saying that the world is unhappy and he's one of the reasons some of us aren't
A part of it anyway. I don't know. Yeah. Well, no, it was it was just like
I think it's like it's defeatism. That's what we're that's what we ended up addressing
It's like a lot of people out there probably feel that way like you wake up in the morning
You're like, holy fuck. How could it be so bad? Like like and and how come I can't do anything about it
You can and then and then you if you react to that with like, oh fuck. I'm gonna like just you know
Give up or go cynical
You know, that's because you're like well the alternative is you have to like do shit that's like uncomfortable
You're gonna strain your back, but at least enjoy being
Cynical about everything you can enjoy that. Yeah, it was easier before
To be cynical you can't be cynical now. It's harder to be cynical now
What happens if you I'm still cynical if you're cynical now, then you're like one of these like
Libertarian people that's like this an ass burger trump voter
You're like one of these silicon valley people that's like meat moop logic says no hillary because her emails like it's like
I'm not I don't want I'm not gonna be one of those people
I'm not gonna be like meat moop logic says be a fucking nazi like I'm not doing it
You could be a shindler. You could use your ring to buy a shindler. I would like to be a shindler. You can be a shindler
There's a lot of this is a great opportunity for all of us to be heroes
Because it's so very bad you even the small amount of shit you do what did?
What did shindler do again, he didn't do enough
He could have done more
In his defense that was a sweet fucking ring. It was a beautiful ring
I see like I see like young
Black women like millennial black women on twitter who are like like like going like
Trying to rally like the democratic cause and then they're like up against like
This thing that's like you can't even you can't dismiss it
Like we got behind hillary and she lost and so there's like this thing
That's like we're looking down the barrel of this thing or it's like
Don't look at your watch. I have a show at town
It's like we're we're gonna go up against this thing like there's just this cloud
Like you got to be on the other side of the cloud and like but we can't get along with each other
Like we're like there's like genuine socialists and I I see everything that they're saying they're like
Yeah, fucking like why do we keep mitigating our language about this? Why do we keep playing ball?
Why are we acting like politicians when it's not going to work? We're in a political debate with professional politicians
Why don't we just revolt and resist and have resistance mean something and be socialists and leftists and then
Yeah, so that's 30 of our 900 audience and then there's the other people that are just like fuck man
No, we got to get behind one boulder and push it otherwise the boulder is not going to go anywhere because it's up
It's up against another boulder. It's like all the evil people
They have no problem getting along because they all agree that they should just lie and hang out like like
So everybody so then those people equally sensible to me are like no
Let's be Democrats because how else are we going to win you got a if you don't like pepsi if pepsi's owned by hitler
Guess what you love coke
And I hate that I hate that I hate that I hate fucking being forced to drink coke just because pepsi's hitler
I had to fucking sucks
But what are you gonna do be Sierra missed and have no one drink you ever
Just despite corn syrup, I don't know what to do so I want to kill myself
Because I don't want to be I don't want to be a passive party to it
I just want to just go quietly into my mansion and just
Write a little note and then say hope you like season three
We better
I mean, what do you do jimmy corain? I don't mean to see me
I don't mean to say your last name
Like an attack
What do you do jimmy corain?
What do you do? What do you do?
Who did you vote for put your dick out?
Tell us
Stop interviewing people like you do on your podcast your top rated fair audio podcast
Yeah, yeah, thanks for the plug dan. You're welcome. You piece of shit
Tell us who you are scott adson season six of thepe
Brennan johnson i'm selling stolen coats in the alleyway
Dan yeah, what would you like to know?
I'd like to I'd like to know
What well, who'd you vote for I voted in the primary I voted for bernie sanders and then
And then I had huge resentment towards uh
The democratic party because I didn't like how they traded treated bernie sanders and I didn't vote
Wow
I'll respect his bravery. Yeah, that wasn't gonna be a fun thing to say out loud
It's time to open up a can of privilege
I needed you I needed you
White people we trusted you
Fucking up without a rack war
And then we let you run around and this is what you fucking do
Well, we taking that shit back
We taking it back the next candidate we run is going to be a black burn victim
Who's in a wheelchair just to send you a message?
God damn it
You don't know what to do because you never had to fight
You shouldn't be fighting right now because we shouldn't be this far gone, but neither we are
That's what you do. You get involved. God damn it
Is there is there a connection you think between
Jimmy not voting in the in the election and dan wanting to kill himself like
It's both these two people that didn't get their way and kind of don't want to do what they think is the hard work
They need to do and just kind of having a little tantrum or no offense
Yes, no, none taken. I mean some taken but
But isn't there similarness there? I mean it seems like it might just be I mean
Last week we talked about white fragility, but it's fragility. Yeah, no offense to me
I I thank you so much for your honesty, by the way. This is a very great discussion to have
But I don't know it's just it's it's this thing, you know, right the people who aren't used to dealing with adversity
They deal with adversity and they kind of don't know how to deal with it because they're not, you know, conditioned to do it
Like uh underprivileged people tend to be well and the thing is dan you still have hope for the democratic party
I've totally like I feel betrayed by the democratic party and I feel like both parties like are taking corporate money
Yeah, I'm totally hopeless about that. Yeah, and I was never I was never this is like my entree into politics
Because I was like I always looked at the bipartisan system as being part of one big fucking Pringles sham
Where it was like, oh, what do you like ranch or cool ranch?
Um
And then we elected a fucking legit Nazi and I was like holy shit. How do we fight this and I started like analyzing it
It was like wait
You can't be in the resistance and also be surrounded by hip people all the time
Like you're gonna some sometimes be around morons if you represent the interest of a majority of people
Uh because most people are stupid
But if you if you're on the side that the rebellion's on in the star wars universe, it's like, yeah, there's a guy
This is fat wing x-wing guys who you wanted to die
It's like it's like you got to just go
Oh the galaxy's made up of a bunch of different people and like like who knows
Slugs get along with the lobsters or whatever the fuck who cares?
But I know I don't want to be fucking christopher lee like pinching people's necks shut just because they don't look
They don't dress like a girl scout like I like I don't I don't side with the death star period
How about we don't judge the people we're trying to help?
What's that?
We don't judge the people we're trying to help well, you can't yeah, you can't be like a populist
You can't you can't like go like oh, I believe that every but that a society should be judged by
The quality of life of its less least fortunate people and then simultaneously be like that dude smells like a shoe
Um, you can't you can give a homeless dude a dollar and still say he smells like piss and you don't want him to sit on your couch
But at least go the step of giving the mother fucker a dollar
It's just I think the guys like me and jimmy like we're we're taught with like we're used to that stuff
But we're not used to like the laser line dividing like it's that it's that that laser line
That divides the bernie crap from the hillary krat or whatever like we had an easy I
I except that I did not vote I vote I like I was I was I was behind bernie and hoped that bernie would like
I was like go go bernie and I stayed out of it because of the gender thing because I did not want to
Like I was like this is trouble. This is a hot button
And we know the last thing we need is divisiveness right right now and then once she had secured the nomination
I was like fucking are at full steam ahead
Let's all vote for her because she's a democrat and we need to defeat these nazis
so but but
But you know and it's just that's stinking thinking to 30% of you who who who cheered for the other thing
And I don't want those people dismissed because they're smart people
But but but like yeah, that's that's that's where I was at
You know the truth because I didn't show up for no primary vote because I was like this whole system's a piece of shit
Why don't we fuck your primaries?
This is a bipartisan system of these people built a fucking government on top of our constitution
Fuck these assholes like it's garbage like fuck them. Fuck them. Fuck them. Fuck them. Fuck them. Fuck them. Fuck them in the eye
but
Goddamn it
Fuck away one of one half of them has been hacked the half of the fucked up system has been hacked
By a cancer by a virus. They've moved in
White nationalist actual nazis possibly russian spies don't even go there just forget all the russia gate
They're just white nationalists. They hacked the republican party
Our dream that the bipartisan system which has been shoved down our throat since we were born
Like would collapse that dream came true in a way that maybe is not as convenient for us as we thought it would be
Like starting with the republicans going like oh fuck it hitler's running. Okay. Well as long as he's wearing a red hat
um
That represented the end of the republican party like if we live through this
I don't know how you're gonna
You know the republicans could be fucking dead and that's a great thing on the other side
The democrats are also got hacked in the sense that there was a socialist running on the democratic ticket
Like when I went my first vote was for uh ross perot. I was 18 years old and I was like fucking let's do it
um
And and he was a third party candidate and third party candidates can't win and all that stuff
So I'm off on a tangent and just saying like I'm 44
I was like like like like okay democrat
We're democrat then because we have to get this done
But I am sick and tired of being told by this system that we're in a state of fucking emergency the entire time
When are we ever going to achieve this this unachievable dream where we're voting our conscience?
And I know that that speaks to privilege. I do I I I know I know how silly that sounds to a democrat
just me
I
That's the thing is that like like like black women are the ones that are turning me like when I look at them on twitter
I'm like they're the ones that are putting up at the most shit. They're the ones that
It's I'm not like I'm just like I'm looking at
I think the statue of liberty now is just like a black woman a black millennial woman who is like fuck it
I've been hurt. I don't give a fuck. I still believe in some form of some system
I have every reason to self-destruct, but I'm just going to be a democrat and I'm just going to push this boulder
And we're going to push it and like I look at them as being heroes right now because they're not being treated very
Like like people are just coming. You know, they have to deal with the meet-meet moot moops
It's just dudes coming out and going like, you know, no, that's interesting. What about the drone strikes?
What about the emails?
I love that a black woman come home from work is like man. It goddamn meet meet meet moot
I don't know what to do jimmy crane. I don't know what to do. I don't know what we're supposed to do
We're supposed to ask the first thing you should do is ask another white person
About how to lead you out of some treacherous moments
I didn't hear what he said
And I don't have a clue
I don't have a clue
I said I don't have a clue
And I don't have to
Turn his mic off turn his mic off
Let's fix let's fix america with an amazing uh scene. Let's use our stagecraft
Right, I don't know that's what it's for man. Yeah, you've been awful quiet 30 rocks. Yeah, you vote for it. Yeah
You are uncomfortable with this one, aren't you till Tina have to pay who you voted for
I voted for trump
You're not joking
Jesus christ on a cracker
It's the first of april everyone. It is the first of april
I was ready to go by 10 minutes on how I support you
Did you really vote for trump? No, okay
Since I've known you in columbia you're getting to be a better and better actor
Uh, uh, I can't believe that was so convincing
What if america was a child born, okay at the dawn of progress
Yes
He's beautiful. Yes, he is
I want poor people
Bill I don't know about this one
He wants poor people now what self-respecting little baby would want poor people. Hmm. Give me your weary
Your wretched masses
I want to hang out with the dirty folk
I'm worried about the boy because no baby full of immigrants can succeed
You're right bill
Apox upon you mother and father
Don't you talk to Europe like that?
I'll talk how I want I have freedom of speech
The right to assemble all my dirty parts
I will learn to do skateboard tricks
And if you come to invade me
You'll be so tired from the trip that you won't be able to deal with the fact that we fight like indians now
Bill is this what
Bill is this what happened when we're on fertility? I mean this I don't understand this
What are you doing? I'm learning to skateboard
You're too young to be riding a skateboard
I love tea in the harbor
I love suffrage
For everyone but black people and women
I feel like I want to interpret his movements as some symbol of something
I'm 14 now in america years that means it's 1812 we know what it means yes it does
Your mother now has menopause
And we've gone through a strange confusing war
During which the white house was burnt to the ground by a canadian advancing army
Oh, please don't bring that up not in this house. He's very bookish. Yes
Mind your own business. I want my own room. I'm an isolationist
Bill, he's been up there for hours. What are you doing up there young man?
I smell something funny. Are you gonna do something? Sorry, I didn't mean to talk over you
It's there's only telegram technology, so that's how the wars happen stop
Finally bill you're disciplining him. He's been talking over me since he's been born
I have learned from the chinese and mexicans that there's such a thing as opium and marijuana
I am having a great time
How old are you now 17 which makes it 1848
So we're almost cleaning up all of the native americans
And your father had an affair
With
France yes
Bill yeah
Right
If we don't know your father's name
It's king england
kingland
You dress it up how you want
Taxation without representation is get off my back old man. We've already discussed that a long time ago. Okay. Well, I don't I don't okay fine
Well, but you go off and live on your own. Yes. Now. We'll see how well. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
Oh, you're not gonna get anything from us. Yes, that's over. Chinaman make the railroads
It's in the way that you use it. Well, oh
But I'm sure anyone can succeed with chinaman. Yes. Yeah, mexicans grow everything black people work for free
We're nailing it
Look at this bill
Look at this bill our son's first job is at a starbucks. Yeah, we walked in on x by accident
Oh, hi mom. Hi dad. Nice to meet you at the 1914
united
or a league of nations
I think let's say 1911. Okay. Hey, hey, how are you? Uh grand latte, please? Oh, uh
Would you wait I'm working at a coffee shop. Yes
Yes, uh, uh, yeah, all right fine. Here you go. That'll be 500 dollars, bitch
You're gonna call your mother a bitch. Uh, you're gonna invade me
Our audience says it's 9 11. That's not didn't happen yet
Okay, here's 500 dollars. Yeah, you're welcome france
Thank you for your help. You're welcome england
Bill you guys want a fucking straw because that's 40 dollars
Yeah, we'll take a straw. Yeah, I guess what the fucking dollar is what rules the earth now, right?
We came by actually to ask if we could borrow some money. Oh really?
So grandpa's divine, right? Didn't earn you anything at the bank mo fuck
We're thinking maybe we did some things wrong. We'd like to try it again
Oh, would you like to supplant your existing class system based on inheritance with a new one based on a meritocracy?
Let's not go too far
The class system works
Well, I'll believe it when I see it bill. I told you this wouldn't work with him. He's just
Just so stubborn
Uh, hey sus, uh, they need more. They need some money from the petty cash
I'm too busy, uh
Being uh high on snorting money. Yeah, we're all fucking rich
So I guess just like take here you go like look look talk to us later
All right. Thanks. Thank you. Okay. Oh, uh, and uh, say hi to germany for us. Could I have a muffin?
Yes, here's free muffin
Could I have a hug?
Oh
All right, just for the time being
the 60s
So it's now the 60s. Yes. Okay. All right. We skip world war two. That was the only thing I would have known how to do
Do you want to go right to vietnam? Yeah
Okay, so with that help you we can go right to vietnam. Whoa. I'm on acid
You're really a disappointment. Yes. Yeah, but everyone's equal. Maybe he's right
Money's everything let's just imitate him for a while. I think that's a good idea
Look at the end of the day. Nothing else has worked with him
It doesn't matter if you're president king a nun a pope suck my dick eat some fondue and do some cocaine
Okay. All right. Well, all right first. It's in the way that you use it
Uh-oh
Bell bottoms go give your mom a little bump. There we go. Let freedom ring with these bell bottoms bill bing bong
bing bong
I haven't felt like a woman in years bill. Thank you. It's the 80s bitches. Guess what?
The dollar is now a micro dollar
You can now make a dollar inside a dollar with an integrated dollar chip
That makes multiple dollars come out and go up through a raganomic chip onto an internet
And just trust me. There's no more gold back in anything. It's just dollars
A dollar dollar bill dollar dollar bill meet mom. I guess he has a point. Yes, he does
These bell bottoms are getting in the way of my robot dancing
Snip snap velcro zip zipper zipper
The market is spoken. He must be right. Yes. He definitely is right.
Oh, but do do do be do I like his chunky jewelry as well. Do be do
You you could make cocaine out of Windex?
Progress motherfucker
But if you're black and you get caught with it you go to prison forever
Bill bill bill welcome. It's 1976. It's the country's bison tell me. All right. It's the bicentennial. Oh, hey. Yeah, okay
You've got a suit on now. What? I yes
I
Was in the 80s. I had done the 80s, but
I don't know if that was clear to me because cocaine with the Windex. I think was more late 70s
I'm sure I don't think it really came mainstream. It was like when cable first came it didn't really come it took 10 years
But sweetie, he did say this is the 80s bitches
Bill you're right
I'm sorry. I didn't ask to be born
Fireworks America. We're sorry. We're sorry
Love us America. I don't even know who you are anymore
I hate iraq. I hate iran. I hate iraq more than I ran. No, I hate iran
I hate everyone in the middle east. I love jews, but not the ones I live with
Just get off my fucking back son. Look out for those planes. It's 9 11
Wait that time the audience didn't cheer
Look at that. Look at how chicago just shits on new york
Mom dad
Yes, we heard about what happened. Yes, we're heart sick by it. We sent a card. They were the tallest buildings ever
They came out of nowhere
I know you're gonna be okay. Well, so listen. I want to invade everybody. Okay
Honey, just need a little bit of honey. That's just a reaction to what's going on right now. We got a fucking we're a war
We're a war
Bill I think you're just lashing out, but okay. We'll support you. We're lashing out. Yes
But do some research before you decide where to go you calling me ignorant
We just think you're just
It's kind of a knee-jerk reaction a lot of people are thinking the same way you are right now
You fuck think the same way france. Fuck your french fries
Fuck your Muhammad Ali
I don't care. I don't have to read you a bitch
I'm america
Fuck you freedom
You're jealous. Y'all jealous. I when did you become you check it out?
Suck a boom
shock
Oh
Choo choo boom boom boom boom boom. You got a problem with this
Honey, you are not thinking straight. You ain't thinking straight. You want a bunker buster up your ass bitch
Oh, bill. When did you become like this?
Yes, you're not our son anymore. No. Oh, it's how it's gonna be
All right
I'll check it out
I'm gonna fucking run and cry
I want you to think about what you've done and then try to make improvements. I need hope and change
My god, he's so attractive. Oh my god
Hello
Hi
You look fantastic son. Yes, I don't have much time to talk to you. I've got a lot of drone strikes to do
Okay
There's been no change to the existing class system, but I'm wearing a suit. I'm very sick. You look fantastic
Yes, I didn't even recognize you. Yep. It must be the 4% unemployment
It looks good on you
So, uh
I don't need anything from you
Uh, just thought I'd come by and
Again, you look just you look fantastic. Yeah, you've dropped a lot of uh cynicism
Your father's too proud to say this your father. Well, uh, you should probably
Not pigeonhole him into a gender role. Wow. Wow
He might be my mother. I don't know. Okay. Well
You know, he's got that heart thing
We all have a heart thing. Well, I'm talking about it has a heart thing and america has a heart thing
Wow
I can't believe it. Well, anyways, it's
You know like a serious heart thing
And he needs medical
Can you know medical coverage and we just don't seem to all our money is going to
Insurance say y'all want money or we'll die
Oh, what is that odor?
Oh my god
Oh no, no
Oh god, something's coming out of his stomach. Remember me, bitch
It's the 80s. No
It's unexplainable. Oh my god
How did the 80s spring out of that perfect man? I don't know. It's got the head of reagan. We never broke up
We just took a long break, bitch
But I thought you were gonna say you were gonna help us with health insurance. Yeah surprise, bitch
Oh
No more need for wit when you've got it
I'm america. It's 2016. I'm 45 years old. I guess if you're following the
I'm gonna masturbate. Oh, I have knives on my fingers. It hurts, but I won't admit it. Ow
Ow, I'm pretending. It feels great. I'm gonna come any minute now. I'm not mangling my penis
Oh god, it hurts. Oh god. Oh god. It hurts. I'm bleeding to death, but the blood is good. The blood is calm
I come red come
Oh
Coal is important. Oh
Oh, I was never racist ever. I was never racist. You were supposed to take care of us
Uh, I want a divorce
Oh shit
I'm just gonna take a
I'm gonna exit this marriage
It's a mexit
A mexit
Bye-bye. Oh
No, oh no. Oh shit
I hope one of his spies doesn't have a dossier on me getting pissed on
I'm proud I did it
That's my right to be taken care of
Mom
There's nothing more I can do, bitch
Maternity is a disease
Pregnancy is your fault
I won't help you not get pregnant if you do get pregnant. It's your problem
If you have a miscarriage, you have to carry the dead baby around until you die yourself
If you lactate, I don't lactate
If you live in a trailer park, I don't understand
Anything about what you need
I don't understand if you're france or women
I
That about sums you up
I never
I never expected to be here. I didn't know I didn't want this. I didn't think this would ever happen
That's why my symbol is
Just a frog from a cartoon that didn't it's everything about me is unintentional
It almost suggests outside collusion from a foreign power, but I won't I'm gonna get into that
Look, you keep looking at me and you're looking at me like you want me to fucking change
Yes, I do
Do not listen to them America
Keep drinking imported vodka and fucking our beautiful beautiful prostitutes
We have some of the best prostitutes in the world that pee on you
I'm sorry. I have to go now. All right. I guess I'll just be left alone. I hope that you
Are NATO
Escalator escalator escalator
Welcome to Tromsky Tower
Thank you
We knew you would eventually be here when you got tired of the blacks and the mexicans. Oh, I hate everything. That's not white
So do we
You should have seen what we did to the chinese
It's oh so many chinese people angry
too soon
Anyway, I don't listen to american crying
I just got to a point where I couldn't have anything to be proud of anymore
So it got down to what I was born as
We were watching you had no direction
You didn't know whether you wanted oil or to save the world or to conserve or to spend in the end
Specialness was all anyone wanted. We all want to be special. No one wants to say. I'm a part of something
That's why even the most elite
liberal white chic people when not given control over their own world will just retreat into suicidal
drama
You are talking about Dan Harmon
Jimmy corain, yes
Uh, uh, that's it voted for trump. Thank you Scott. That's it
In the end, I guess I failed because no small part of me wanted to just be a small part of me
It's ironic given that the greatest part of me john f kennedy or my spleen
Once never not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country
also ironic that he
Then was shot
I was gonna say that he objectified women
But he got away with it because he's better looking
Uh
We are splitting hairs right and then we have no hairs left to sweat right
You and me poody
You are going to love the future
All white
Beautiful even africa would be white
We'll grow oranges there
I can't wait. I love oranges. I love white people. I love white skin
Take me there now
Take me. Oh, you're already there
I'm there
Here we are together
But it just looks like a
Like the architect's office and the matrix reloaded
It's just a
What do you mean? It's just a room full of tv's
It wasn't gonna be fun
You you tricked me. Yes. I wanted the earth
Yes, but you were going to bring along rap music and uh high high fat foods foot popular people made me popular
We made you popular. No
I gotta get out. I want to make america great. Ask your parents for help
No, and a scene
We did it
We did it. Wow, we solved the problems
We changed the world
Uh, I think we I think we revealed that we we read a lot about politics
You do it's obvious. I don't
What what time is it? Is it we should do that show at high schools? So kids learn
Or getting close to we're getting there we can wrap it up with like uh
Like I I people like they like to come and they like to hear the uh rapping skills of me
You give me a thumbs up on the rapping. Yeah, if you can make music
And then when you guys leave here, you can go watch Rick and Morty. It's like running on a
Maybe you'll like it
All right, there may be a couple false starts because it's been a it's been a an intense show
It was an okay one
Like my energy's lagging. I just got I just let me get in the flow
And then I may throw to you guys
And
Me too
Yo
Go with the flow. Yo, yo rap. What do you know? Yo yo go with the flow in chicago
chica
Oh go with the flow. It's what you know
A windy city is a city with wind
I fucked your mama until she became thin
She used to be fat and then I got in I made her lose weight and then our life begins
I I want to fuck your mama so hard. I want to fuck your mama in the back in front yard
I want to take a lawnmower on her pussy gonna fuck your mama so hard
Okay, sorry. It's getting so misogynist
All right
Starting over
All right, yo
I fucked your daddy until his dick was raw
You grabbed his dick with my southpaw jerked it off and put it in my maw
Because your daddy's dick is just an object for me
Your daddy's a piece of shit because he's male. He's a piece of male shit
I'm here to use him. I fucked your daddy
I broke his fuse and
Your daddy's a piece of shit. He's just a dick and balls on a stick
Men are dumb
They can be replaced with your thumb stick it in there like gum
Roll it around and have some fun. Your daddy's just a piece of garbage. Nothing is gonna rhyme with garbage ever
Yo, yo, yo
We had some fun. We had some laughs. I fucked your mama. I fucked a giraffe
It had a long neck so I snapped it in two. I fucked your daddy and made him eat poo
He ate the poo and he said that's good. I took him outside and made him chop wood
He was an indentured servant to me
Then I made him drink my pee
He drank it. He said that's yummy
Yeah
There are seven kinds of urine
Yellow off yellow
orange
off orange
and three others
Yo
Chicago
It's in the great state of illinois. I fucked your mama like my name was
Troy
Like Troy Troy Troy Troy Troy with a T
Like my name was Troy
Okay, all right. It's a very common name in Chicago. Troy. Right. Okay. Yo, yo, the I-95 freeway is a thing
You take the 43 to the 95
I fucked your mama the entire time. She was alive
And I left when she was dead because I'm not a ghoul
Improv
It doesn't matter who you vote for you're still an American. I fucked your mama so hard she turned into a pelican
Scraping the barrel
You're gonna scrape that barrel. I gotta scrape that barrel when you rap
A rap rap rap rap. I fucked your mama so hard. She grew two feet
I fucked your mama so she turned to meat. I didn't object to fire. I deified her. She was
good meat
Holy meat looked up from at her from the street and said pray to jesus. I love your mama. She said look down
She said camel llama. I said the sama bin llama didn't did this fuck shit. Hold on
Just I told you you needed to give me a couple chances to start
Yo
Yeah
Home in town. All right, can we end the show there? Okay, you got this. Yeah
Remember seven types of pee fucked your mama. Okay
All right
Seven types of pee
We didn't end the show there though. Okay the next okay. They wanted to end the show there
They didn't make enough fucking noise
All right
But come out you gotta you gotta be my hype man and you gotta
Give him a mic that he can use to know this is perfect. No
You I just lost a ball. I just lost a ball
All right, all right one more beat and then let's just let's
Brandon's gonna help me. Do we have a do we have a different beat though? Yeah, we just have the one beat
We only have one beat white rappers only one beat
Come on man. Come on, man
That's you tell them they're not ready for me yet. So
Your mother fuckers is like a cookie that could go a salmonella because it's not baked enough
You ain't ready
Oh
Face in your face in your head and a shoe if your mama's so hard your pussy needed glue
I shattered her pussy had to be put back together because my dick is a bird of a feather
It's a clock together when it goes down south and migrates every year into your mama's mouth
I'm gonna migrate my dick and my balls. I'm gonna take them from there to Niagara falls over in a barrel
Fuck your mom
Creighton barrel gonna fuck your mom. Go fuck your mom
Your mom's mom
Take it going back to fuck your mom's mom laying that ancestral bomb bomb
Using my dick to start your family looked up the family tree and an ape shitted on me
I'm calling you an ape look at my rhymes and they can't escape
This old sb make me want to rap like steve harvey family
Survey says
Put your mama in the fence survey says survey says survey says survey says
survey says
Number one fuck your mama out of the front lawn number two
To the break of dawn number three fuck your mama till all day long number four fuck your mom
So she looked like teacher chong eyes was cloudy because she was so high
I fucked your mom until the bitch became a guy number seven fuck your mama like a shrimp
Pretty sure that we skipped six. I fucked your mom with both of my dicks. I couldn't hear you, but I fucked your mom
Come
All right, all right, that's our show. Thank you shikaga
Go watch drinking for you
Please don't bless you. Thank you for driving all the way. I know you drove a long way. Thank you
Brandon johnson
This has been an installation of how to do jimmy kareem
Scott has it had to go into the show spend your great day everybody
So
Did you get any of that it's a good a show
Oh